DTSPO-1696 Update Readme.md (#20)
hmcts/terraform-offboarding-alerts: README.md

# terraform-offboarding-alerts

> This repository provisions Alert rule and Action group resources which monitors for "disabled user" log entries in Azure Monitor. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository provisions an alert rule and action group resources which monitor for "disabled user" log entries in Azure Monitor. 
```

## Alert rule
Alert monitors hmcts-prod log analytics workspace at regular intervals by running a query against Auditlogs searching for "Disable Account".
## Action Group

> Action Group points to Azure Devops using webhook endpoint. This enables us to create a service connection of type 'incoming webhook' in Azure Devops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Action Group points to Azure Devops using a webhook endpoint. This enables us to create a service connection of type 'incoming webhook' in Azure Devops.
```

## Diagram

> ![FlowChart](images/offboarduser.png)

Reviewer: name the service connection too, include a link to the pipeline definition in this repo.

Also include the source of the diagram in the repo and a link to the source in this file so someone else can update it

# terraform-offboarding-alerts

This repository provisions an alert rule and action group resources which monitor for "disabled user" log entries in Azure Monitor. 
## Alert rule
Alert monitors hmcts-prod log analytics workspace at regular intervals by running a query against Auditlogs searching for "Disable Account".
## Action Group

> Action Group points to Azure Devops using webhook endpoint. This enables us to create a service connection[userOffboardingWebhook] of type 'incoming webhook' in Azure Devops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Action Group points to Azure Devops using webhook endpoint. This enables us to create a service connection (called '[userOffboardingWebhook](https://dev.azure.com/hmcts/PlatformOperations/_settings/adminservices?resourceId=e60677d0-66c4-4337-869b-5f5ad503d7c8)') of type 'incoming webhook' in Azure Devops.
```

> ## Pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pipelines

Any pipeline with access to the service connection can consume this alert, the current pipelines are:
```

> https://github.com/hmcts/github-management/blob/main/azure-pipelines-offboard.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - https://github.com/hmcts/github-management/blob/main/azure-pipelines-offboard.yml
 - https://github.com/hmcts/launchdarkly-terraform/blob/master/azure-pipelines-launchdarkly-offboard.yml
```

> ## Diagram

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Diagram

Shows the flow for offboarding users from GitHub, other flows are very similar:
```

# terraform-offboarding-alerts

This repository provisions an alert rule and action group resources which monitor for "disabled user" log entries in Azure Monitor. 
## Alert rule

> Alert monitors hmcts-prod log analytics workspace at regular intervals by running a query against Auditlogs searching for "Disable Account".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monitors hmcts-prod log analytics workspace at regular intervals by running a query against Auditlogs searching for "Disable Account".
```

## Action Group

> Action Group points to Azure Devops using webhook endpoint. This enables us to create a service connection (called '[userOffboardingWebhook](https://dev.azure.com/hmcts/PlatformOperations/_settings/adminservices?resourceId=e60677d0-66c4-4337-869b-5f5ad503d7c8)') of type 'incoming webhook' in Azure Devops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Points to Azure Devops using webhook endpoint. We consume this with a service connection (called '[userOffboardingWebhook](https://dev.azure.com/hmcts/PlatformOperations/_settings/adminservices?resourceId=e60677d0-66c4-4337-869b-5f5ad503d7c8)') of type 'incoming webhook' in Azure Devops.
```

## Pipelines

Any pipeline with access to the service connection can consume this alert, the current pipelines are:
 - https://github.com/hmcts/github-management/blob/main/azure-pipelines-offboard.yml
 - https://github.com/hmcts/launchdarkly-terraform/blob/master/azure-pipelines-launchdarkly-offboard.yml

## Diagram

Shows the flow for offboarding users from GitHub, other flows are very similar:

> ![FlowChart](images/offboarduser.png)

Reviewer: Add a link below to the diagram and draw.io

# terraform-offboarding-alerts

This repository provisions an alert rule and action group resources which monitor for "disabled user" log entries in Azure Monitor. 
## Alert rule
Monitors hmcts-prod log analytics workspace at regular intervals by running a query against Auditlogs searching for "Disable Account".
## Action Group
Points to Azure Devops using webhook endpoint. We consume this with a service connection (called '[userOffboardingWebhook](https://dev.azure.com/hmcts/PlatformOperations/_settings/adminservices?resourceId=e60677d0-66c4-4337-869b-5f5ad503d7c8)') of type 'incoming webhook' in Azure Devops.
## Pipelines

Any pipeline with access to the service connection can consume this alert, the current pipelines are:
 - https://github.com/hmcts/github-management/blob/main/azure-pipelines-offboard.yml
 - https://github.com/hmcts/launchdarkly-terraform/blob/master/azure-pipelines-launchdarkly-offboard.yml

## Diagram

Shows the flow for offboarding users from GitHub, other flows are very similar:
![FlowChart](images/offboarduser.png)

> [source file](https://github.com/hmcts/terraform-offboarding-alerts/images/offboarduser.xml), created with https://draw.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source file](https://github.com/hmcts/terraform-offboarding-alerts/images/offboarduser.xml), created with https://app.diagrams.net.
```

# terraform-offboarding-alerts

This repository provisions an alert rule and action group resources which monitor for "disabled user" log entries in Azure Monitor. 
## Alert rule
Monitors hmcts-prod log analytics workspace at regular intervals by running a query against Auditlogs searching for "Disable Account".
## Action Group
Points to Azure Devops using webhook endpoint. We consume this with a service connection (called '[userOffboardingWebhook](https://dev.azure.com/hmcts/PlatformOperations/_settings/adminservices?resourceId=e60677d0-66c4-4337-869b-5f5ad503d7c8)') of type 'incoming webhook' in Azure Devops.
## Pipelines

Any pipeline with access to the service connection can consume this alert, the current pipelines are:
 - https://github.com/hmcts/github-management/blob/main/azure-pipelines-offboard.yml
 - https://github.com/hmcts/launchdarkly-terraform/blob/master/azure-pipelines-launchdarkly-offboard.yml

## Diagram

> Shows the flow for offboarding users from GitHub, other flows are very similar:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows the flow for offboarding users from GitHub, other flows are very similar:

```

![FlowChart](images/offboarduser.png)

> [source file](https://github.com/hmcts/terraform-offboarding-alerts/images/offboarduser.xml), created with https://draw.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source file](https://github.com/hmcts/terraform-offboarding-alerts/images/offboarduser.xml), created with https://app.diagrams.net.
```

Shows the flow for offboarding users from GitHub, other flows are very similar:
![FlowChart](images/offboarduser.png)

> [orignal file]/https://github.com/hmcts/terraform-offboarding-alerts/images/offboarduser.xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source file](https://github.com/hmcts/terraform-offboarding-alerts/images/offboarduser.xml), created with https://draw.io.
```

Shows the flow for offboarding users from GitHub, other flows are very similar:
![FlowChart](images/offboarduser.png)

> [source file](https://github.com/hmcts/terraform-offboarding-alerts/images/offboarduser.xml), created with https://draw.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[source file](https://github.com/hmcts/terraform-offboarding-alerts/images/offboarduser.xml), created with https://draw.io.
```
